The Uncertain Commons License
alias: The I-don't-know-what-I'm-doing-please-don't-sue-me License

This repository and its contents are provided "as is" and "as available", without
warranty or guarantee of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to
the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
To the best of my knowledge, most of the materials in this repository are public domain,
and you are free to use, modify, distribute, and/or sell them without restriction or
obligation.


However, I cannot guarantee that every element in this repository is eligible for public
domain status or free of third-party rights or licenses. Some parts of my work may be
based on or derived from existing works, or may contain elements that are subject to
copyright, trademark, patent, or other legal protections. While I have made a good faith
effort to identify and exclude such elements from the public domain, I cannot be certain
that I have done so completely or correctly.


Therefore, I offer this repository and its contents under an uncertain commons license,
which means that you may use, modify, distribute, and/or sell them at your own risk and
responsibility, and subject to any legal or ethical constraints that may apply. You may
also need to obtain additional permissions or licenses from third parties, or perform your
own legal research and due diligence, before using or adapting any part of this
repository.


By using this repository, you agree to assume all risks and liabilities associated with
your use or modification of its contents, and to indemnify and hold me harmless from any
claims, damages, or losses arising from your use or modification of the contents, or from
any third-party claims related to your use or modification of the contents. You also agree
to acknowledge and give credit to the original author(s) and/or source(s) of any
non-public domain elements that you use or adapt, and to share back any improvements or
changes that you make to the public domain elements, if feasible.
